I really am
a brilliant detective. aren't I?
One of the greatest.
Miss Marple.
Jessica Fletcher...
and Selena St. Cloud...
Why are you here. Selena?
Because I want to know...
why you are ruining me.
you commercial hack.
Here we go.
And now I have a sidekick
who thinks
she's smarter than I am?
She's not "smarter" than you.
I don't need a partner. Allison.
Unless...
it's a different kind
of partner.
Jack?
Allison.
Why are you here?
I'm here
because I have wanted you
since the day I met you.
and I think...
you've wanted
the exact same thing.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
So. then...
tell me to go.
I think you should go.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Oh. you're up early.
-I've been up all night.
-I hope it wasn't
because you were sex-texting
someone I know or gave birth to.
The word is "sexting."
and. actually. I was doing
research for our outline.
which we only have
four days left to write.
since you've completely
blown off the first three.
I haven't blow them off.
I needed to buy a new car
since my old one blew up...
which you may remember
happened after
the murder at my house...
which. you might recall.
was after Nash Gilbert
was pushed off a balcony.
The point is.
none of that has anything to do
with finding a murder
for Selena and Raven Stone.
"Raven Stone"?
Selena's new assistant...
the one who keeps her boss
grounded in forensic reality.
I don't remember
naming her Raven Stone.
Which is exactly why
you and I are
getting out of here
for the next four days.
because if we stay.
you're gonna end up
taking up. like.
Mandarin or something...
and wait until the last second
to spit something out.
That's how I do it.
Now we have to figure out
how we're going
to do things together.
I've made hotel reservations.
You've got ten minutes to pack.
I'm guessing Paris?
Nothing gets my mind working
like a trip through
the Musée d'Orsay.
As much as I'd love
to use my French passport.
I've booked something
a little more...
local.
You have a French passport?
Nine minutes to pack!
No. no. no. no. no.
Uh-uh!
In summer camp...
I had a terrible experience
with a sack of spider eggs.
I'm gonna give you
my credit card.
and you're gonna find a place
with more stars.
Oh. I already
used your credit card.
Look at this place.
It's... it's perfect!
There's nothing to do.
but write.
Hello. ladies.
Welcome
to Granite Creek Chalets.
You've scored
our two best cabins.
The ones with running water
and electricity?
Ah. you even got
your own in-room crapper.
Just be sure
to yank the chain hard.
Oh. but not too hard.
Ahh.
If I had a dime for every time
a guy said that to me...
The keys are under the mat.
Okay.
Here you go...
I told you it was perfect!
How much lawn
does that man have?
Please focus.
I can see Ladybell Landing!
Oh...
Oh. they've got patio dining...
and a pool!
Oh!
Write first. spa later...
that was our deal.
Come on!
I've shown you. like.
over a dozen homicides
for inspiration.
and none of them have wowed you.
Because we need a crime
that builds the relationship
between Selena and Rhonda.
-"Raven."
-That's what I said.
We need to find something
that showcases the...
the push and pull between them.
a... a crime
where they don't see eye-to-eye.
We don't see eye-to-eye.
so that shouldn't be a problem.
Okay.
The problem is...
we don't really know
who Raven is yet.
Okay.
Raven is smart...
she's tough...
And she's been through
a lot. hasn't she?
Look. I'm not getting into
the stuff about my mom.
if that's where
you think this is going.
It's compelling. Andi...
having a mother...
who not only disappears.
but then erases
all trace of her past?
W-What do you mean by.
"erases all trace of her past"?
Um... nothing.
I was just. you know.
building character.
Like. riffing.
It's what fiction writers do.
We don't have to use any of it.
Let's just get
back to the murder. So...
No. No. no. no. no. no.
If you know
something about my mom.
I want you to spit it out.
Fine.
I asked Jack
to do a little digging.
You did what?
Not only is there no record
of Renée Walker
since she disappeared...
there's no record at all...
no birth certificate.
no nothing.
It's like she never existed.
I can't believe you'd intrude
on my privacy like this.
What privacy?
You post Instagram photos
of everything you eat.
You tweeted
about your U.T.I.
while you were
giving a urine sample!
Your entire life
is on social media.
Not this part of my life.
I was just trying to help. Andi.
You weren't getting anywhere
by yourself.
and it has to be on your mind.
It has to be.
because you bring that blanket
that she made
everywhere you go.
How do you know
my mom made that?
First. it's obviously handmade.
because the stitches
are not even.
and it has a custom tag
in the corner.
And second. it's old.
because the yarn
is starting to fuzz.
and third.
you just admitted it.
I never asked you for your help.
But you want to know
what happened to her. don't you?
Of course I do!
Then what is the problem?
You're the problem!
Why am I the problem?
Because you don't see me
digging around
in your private life like this!
Because my private life
isn't private.
thanks to the Internet.
You don't hear me
whining about it!
W... oh. my God!
You don't get it. do you?
This is my cabin.
You go!
I am not going anywhere.
and you are not either.
I need some privacy!
I mean it.
Okay. fine. have it your way.
but we still need a murder.
and-and it just needs
to service...
Character and relationship.
yeah. I know...
see ya.
Jack?
That's right.
You're staying here
until you can find a place.
Exactly.
And you're here because...?
It's a long story.
Well...
I got time.
-Whatever.
-All right.
-Thank you.
-That's mine.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Ahem. So. my publisher wants
a new Selena St. Cloud novel...
no more true crime...
so we had to chuck everything
and start over.
-Oh!
-And Andi thinks
that I will concentrate better
away from the distractions
of my home.
Good plan.
I don't know about that.
Oh. I do. Your life
is so filled with distractions.
honestly. I have no idea
how you get anything done.
Sometimes. I think
it's a part of my process.
I mean. not thinking
about something
is the best way
to think about it.
The more I try
to not think about something...
the more I do.
Something... like what?
You and Andi getting work done?
No.
Um...
I told her about what
you found out about her mother.
and now she's mad at me
because I didn't
respect her privacy.
-Oh.
-But she said
she had a French passport.
so I thought maybe
the mom was born in France.
I'm guessing you didn't check
the international database?
-I did not.
-But you could.
Mm-hmm.
But. see. I'm no psychologist...
Oh?
But it occurs to me.
that if Andi wants you
to stay out of this...
I'm already on her shit-list.
-Oh!
-I got nothing to lose.
She really wants to know
what happened to her mom.
And so do you. for some reason.
The question is. why?
I like a good mystery.
-That's not why.
-Okay. fine.
A shrink would say
she's the daughter I never had.
or my mom never helped me.
I don't know.
Could be either.
Or both.
Hey. Dave!
You just doing
your final walk-through?
Ah. With you here.
I don't know why I bother.
It's like having
free armed security.
See ya.
A pool...
pool.
A pool.
Oh.
You didn't answer my question.
Must've missed it.
Mm. you don't miss anything.
That's the exact opposite
of what you say to me
every time you stumble
into one of my crime scenes.
So are you gonna tell me
the thing that you can't
stop thinking about?
Ohh...
Oh... Oh. my God!
Oh...
Shit!
Shit. shit. shit!
Oh. oh! Hey!
-Oh!
I saw a murder!
Oh. God!
What the hell is wrong with you?
I didn't see the killer...
I just saw the necktie going
around the victim's neck
as he was strangled to death!
I hope I'm not being
too forward...
-Where?
-On your thigh.
What? No! Where...
Where did you see a murder?
Ladybell Landing! Third floor.
Uh. maybe second
or third window over.
Also. Jack.
what are you doing here?
I know. I ask myself
the same question.
Wait. how can you see a murder
at Ladybell Landing from here?
I have binoculars.
You were peeping
into people's windows?
The point is.
there's a guy dead.
so we should probably hurry.
Are you sure
you didn't just nod off
while you were typing?
I wasn't dreaming!
I-I saw a dark-blue bedspread
and two hideous lamps.
and a-a phallic painting
of a lighthouse.
but most importantly.
I saw a guy
getting strangled to death
with a striped tie!
Okay. okay. we'll check it out.
but let me handle it.
Okay.
Easy. Nancy Drew.
Oh!
Oh. morning. Yes.
What time is it?
I'll have breakfast
in a few moments. with scones.
No. no. it's not yet morning.
Listen.
I'm sorry to disturb you.
I'm Detective Jack Kerrigan.
Oh. dear.
Is there something wrong?
Well. we have a report
of a violent incident
in one of the upstairs rooms.
Not another raccoon
in the laundry chute?
More like a homicide.
Oh! Thank goodness.
Those raccoons
are impossible to get rid of.
All right. well. we need
to check it out. Is that okay?
Oh. certainly.
but you should know...
this is a more of a...
a weekend getaway spot.
We don't do homicides here.
There's always a first time!
Okay. this has gotta be the one.
The second window over.
Oh. it's. uh.
registered to. uh...
Kim Morrison.
All right.
Ms. Morrison?
Oh! Uh... oh. wow.
Is this because I didn't pay
for the minibar snacks?
What? No. It's...
No. it's because of
the corpse in your room!
Did she say "corpse"?
Oh. uh. forgive my friend.
She's prone to night terrors.
Uh...
This is...
this is the wrong room.
It's gotta be the next one over.
Uh. did you happen
to hear or see
anything disturbing
this evening?
No. Did something happen?
It's gotta be this one.
Is it safe to stay here?
Look. we don't foresee
any cause for concern
at this point.
Sorry for disturbing you.
Ms. Morrison. Hey!
It's this one.
I was off by one window.
You can't just go barging
into people's rooms uninvited
like that.
You can't. but I can.
Room 309? It's empty.
They've not checked in yet.
Great!
This is the room!
Okay? He was
standing right there.
Where's the body?
It's gotta be here somewhere.
No sign of a struggle.
-Nothing in the bathroom?
-No.
Okay. okay. The body's gone.
But I know what I saw!
Check for DNA.
You've gotta find something.
Okay. let's. uh. let's just
be logical about this.
The last thing I told you
was to come up with a murder.
so you fell asleep.
and you dreamt one up.
I'm telling you...
I saw a murder.
Okay. so you're telling me
we have a no-body homicide.
It anything happened
in this room.
they'll find it.
Did you find anything?
Nothing.
You didn't find anything?
No evidence that
a murder occurred in that room
or that that room
was recently scrubbed... nothing.
So you both think I'm crazy?
No.
-I mean. no.
-Of course not.
Look. it was late at night.
Could this be exhaustion?
No! It wasn't. I was awake!
I saw him die.
You think I'm making this up.
don't you?
No. No. I-I believe
that you believe it. but...
Are you taking...
the Polly?
You know. like in the glerb...
wikka-wikka-wikka-week!
It's Molly!
And no! I'm not!
It's not a bad idea
if Selena and her assistant
are at odds
over a case
where there's no body.
But there was a body.
That's the whole point!
Exactly! That's exactly what
Raven can say to Selena.
Raven has a lot
she could say to Selena.
Come on!
We're not getting anything done.
and we've been at it
all morning.
We need to do
something different.
I'm not learning Mandarin.
We're going clamming!
What?
We are going clamming!
Ah-ha-ha!
What? Ew. no!
Yes. yes. yes!
Please. Trust me.
I used to do it as a kid!
And when we get back.
I'll fix us
a vongole to die for.
-Nobody's gonna die.
-You're not gonna
shut up about this
until I agree to go. are you?
No.
I got
everything you need! Huh?
Waders...
buckets!
I even got
a laminated tide chart.
Clammin's the reason
I bought this place!
Oh! Well. it brings back
memories for me!
My grandpa used to eat the clams
right out of the shell.
Ahh. That's the part
I'm gonna miss the most.
So... what?
Moving to Florida?
Oh. it's time!
I-I sold out to a-a hotel chain.
I'm looking forward
to year-round sun.
shuffleboard...
and no more septic issues.
Have fun. huh?
-We will!
-All right.
And then the water comes and...
Oh. dig in there!
Ah! Ahh...
Look at that baby!
Huh? Hmm?
You've got to admit
that this is a lot better
than arguing in a...
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I lost my balance.
No. No worries. I'm a little
unsteady on my feet. too.
-It's the tide.
-Yeah.
Hey. aren't you
Allison Chandler.
the author of
the Selena St. Cloud novels?
Not lately.
Yes! I am.
We're here
on a writer's retreat.
We're trying to get
an outline done...
as you can probably tell.
I love Selena!
So keep up the great work.
Thank you. Bye!
You should follow her advice.
And you should give this a try!
That's not gonna happen.
I'm gonna try right over here.
Whoa! Oh!
-Ah!
-Oh!
That's him!
That's the guy I saw strangled!
Oh! Oh...
Oh. this is
so going in the book!
The deceased is George Slate.
The truck and trailer
are registered to him.
Found his boat washed up
about a mile north.
and two suitcases in the truck
with. uh.
clothes and toiletries.
And this... was in his pocket.
Ladybell Landing.
Room 309.
Oh. my God. he was there.
Just like I said.
Well. how did he end up
sleeping with the clams?
-We don't know.
-Still working on that.
Hey.
How tall was Slate?
Six feet.
Okay. then he didn't
drive this car here.
Whoever did was five-five. tops.
And you know that because...?
Well. look. The seat's
pushed all the way forward.
the wheel's tilted down.
It's all wrong
for someone six-foot.
Okay. so who drove him here.
and from where?
I don't know who.
but had to be from the hotel.
It's just awful!
I mean.
Mr. Slate came here every year.
He loved fishing.
I'm not at all surprised
that he stopped on his way.
But you're sure
that he never checked in?
Yes.
How did he end up with a key
to room 309 in his pocket?
Well. he owns the place.
He has the keys
to all the rooms.
but that room
was his particular favorite.
Uh. you never
mentioned that before.
Well. you didn't ask.
did you. dear?
Does anyone else
have keys to the rooms?
Only Mr. Slate.
And myself. of course.
What will happen.
now that he's gone?
Do you think
I'll still have my job?
I really don't know. ma'am.
Would you put in
a good word for me?
With who?
Mr. Slate.
He's... dead. ma'am.
That's right.
So sad!
Excuse me.
Hello!
Maybe George Slate
actually was here last night.
Not maybe.
He was. I saw him.
Hey...
I don't mean to be a busybody.
but did you find the thing
you were looking for?
The corpse
washed up at the clamming beach
this morning.
Oh. no.
Are they gonna cancel
the Flea Fest?
The what?
Uh. "Founder's Flea Festival."
It's an antiquing thing
that happens every year.
I never miss it.
I'm sorry. I couldn't
help overhearing...
-And you are...?
-Seth Atkins.
I'm here for the Festival. too.
Please tell me that it's not
-being canceled?
-No worries. It's still on.
So you two
are antique-hunters. huh?
It's my passion.
For me. it's. uh...
more like an addiction.
I bet you two are looking
for one of those 1939
Founder's Cove roll-top desks?
They're really hard to find.
-Guilty as charged.
-The holy grail.
I'm sorry.
did you say that someone
drowned at the beach today?
No one drowned.
They were murdered.
Oh...
Okay. hear me out...
Kim is the right size
to have driven George's truck.
She's on the short side for
strangling a man from behind.
and carrying a body.
Well. Seth could've
strangled him.
and then helped her
move the body.
They would've had to pass Wilma.
but she's got
the keys to everything.
You know. she may be
sharper than she lets on.
Who's Seth?
Seth Atkins.
the guy who overheard us
talking to Kim at the hotel.
Sorry. do you think
that Kim and Seth
are in on this together?
Oh. they're together.
They are so together!
-How do you know that?
-Body language.
Kim and Seth were standing
fewer than three feet apart.
which is unusual for people
who don't know each other.
and they subconsciously
mirrored each other's gestures.
which is a dead giveaway.
Not only that...
they're lying
about why they're here.
There is no such thing
as a Founder's Cove
roll-top desk.
so the real question is...
what's really going on.
and why are they
trying so hard to pretend
they're not together?
Even if all of that is true.
it does not make them killers.
All I know is
that they are hiding something.
Maybe if you do
a little digging...?
Aren't you guys
supposed to be working?
Work.
Raven sees the murder
in chapter five.
No. No. no. no. no.
I said we don't hold back.
Uh. let's drop the body
in chapter one.
You hook an audience that way.
Gotta love fiction.
Okay. the problem is.
Selena doesn't know Raven
all that well.
How does she know
she can trust her?
How does Raven know
she can trust Selena?
Selena has more experience.
Raven has new ideas.
Not all of them good ideas.
Selena can't always be
the smartest person in the room.
Oh. but she can... ahem.
Her name is on the cover.
Oh. why aren't
we getting anything done?
I've just typed three pages
in the last five minutes.
That's because you've been
holding down the space bar.
Hey. Dave!
Oh...
is he ever gonna stop mowing?
It's the only thing
keeping me awake right now.
Something's gotta be wrong.
What if we just have
a quick little nap?
Why are we both so tired?
Mm. It's like
we've been drugged.
All I ate was that candy bar.
I mean. is it
something in the air?
We'd smell gas.
if the stove was on.
Oh! Oh. my God.
-Andi!
-Mm?
The mower.
Oh. the exhaust from the mower.
It's carbon monoxide.
It's odorless.
Oh. my God.
Open that door!
Wah! Oh! Oh...
-What's wrong?
-It's stuck!
What? Oh... shit.
No! Oh. my God. Allie!
The window's nailed shut!
Ohh...
I'm so sorry
for what happened yesterday.
I really didn't mean to make you
upset about your mother.
Wait. wait. Are you...
Are you apologizing to me
right now because
you think we're gonna die?
I was just covering my ass.
in case.
I'm sorry too.
I got really mad at you.
Allie?
Allie!
Sorry.
You were falling asleep.
Ahh!
Ohh!
-You were falling asleep.
-Okay.
I had a sex dream about Jack.
I wasn't falling asleep!
Sorry.
Why are you telling me that?
I just want someone to know.
in case this is it.
Mm-mm!
Not today!
What was that?
I don't know!
Is e-everything okay in there?
Someone jammed the latch!
Oh!
Andi!
-Thanks. man.
-Yeah.
You took a big risk.
going back in there.
I'm proud of you.
So what happened?
Someone just tried to get rid
of the only evidence
that Slate was killed
at... the hotel.
The eyewitness.
So it looks like
someone ran a hose
from the tailpipe of the mower
to the vent under the cabin.
Any prints?
We'll dust the mower.
and let you know.
Good.
This is my fault.
I-I keep that lawnmower outside.
I-I should've locked it
in the shed.
Well. no one's ever
tried to steal it before!
No one's blaming you. Dave.
Ahh.
So. what did
the M.E. say about Slate?
What?
What did the Medical Examiner
say about Slate?
She confirmed he was strangled.
and he had severe
cervical vertebrae decay.
At the bottom of his suitcase...
we found this.
That's the necktie.
That's the murder weapon.
That's what I thought.
Did you find anything out
about Wilma?
Wilma's husband died
a few years ago...
from carbon monoxide poisoning.
-That's a coincidence.
-Right?
One more wrinkle.
Slate was not the sole owner
of Ladybell Landing.
There were two other investors.
So...
how's the antiquing going?
Kim found a Wallace Nutting
hand-colored photograph today.
Not a Nutting!
I am undone.
Wish I could be
more excited. but...
I can't help thinking about
what happened on the beach.
Any news. Detective?
We identified the victim...
George Slate.
Who?
Don't pretend that
you don't know George Slate.
He owned the hotel
and you two were his partners.
Silent partners.
Silent partners
who lied about tracking down
a roll-top desk that...
doesn't actually exist.
So. what's going on?
It's...
complicated.
We're both married.
Mm!
Just not to each other?
This is our annual escape.
This is where we first met.
and why we keep coming back.
We bought a stake in the place.
so we'd have an excuse
every year
to come and check
on our investment.
Mostly. we did it
so we'd always
have the same room.
same time.
no questions asked.
We're romantics at heart.
Look. I'm not proud
of what we're doing...
but adultery isn't illegal.
No.
But murder sure is.
and divorce costs
a lot of dough.
So if George threatened
to reveal
your dirty little secret...
We didn't murder anyone!
I feel terrible about George.
He was the sweetest man!
So you don't know anyone
that would want to kill him?
God. no.
This may sound crazy.
but have you talked to Wilma?
George said he was gonna
leave her 25% of the place
when he died.
Maybe she got tired of waiting.
Wilma?
Mm?
I hear
congratulations are in order.
On what?
Thanks to George Slate.
you now own 25% of this inn.
I guess you don't have to worry
about your future anymore.
Well. at my age. dear.
that really is all
one worries about.
You can certainly
understand that. dear.
Oh. I-I would. actually.
because I was nearly killed
by carbon monoxide poisoning...
it's the same way
your husband died!
And. coincidentally.
Slate was killed at this hotel.
and his body was somehow moved.
and then. somehow. his room
was cleaned within ten minutes.
so. whoever did it must have
had a key to both rooms.
Scone?
They're egg rolls.
I'll pass.
Actually. I'll have...
Come on.
They did it.
Kim and Seth...
they killed George Slate.
Yeah. with some help from Wilma.
Okay. but until I can prove
how they killed George Slate.
I can't do anything about it.
so. look.
I think you two should
head back to town.
-No.
-No. no. no.
-We're not going anywhere.
-Absolutely not.
I knew you would say no to that.
I've arranged for security.
Great.
See ya!
-I'll walk you down.
-Thanks.
Or. actually...
you know.
we could meet back at my place.
have a glass of wine?
Oh.
Uh...
Just wine.
Yeah. Okay. Uh. y...
Yes.
-Okay.
-But I need an hour.
Just to...
write some...
notes on
the carbon monoxide thing.
You know. for the...
the...
novel. and for the deadline.
Okay. Take your time.
-Okay.
Where are you going?
Getting some air.
Not alone. you're not!
Get any work done?
Ah. some.
Uh-huh.
But I'll probably
rewrite it all tomorrow morning.
Right.
There you go.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Okay. we're looking for...
a loose floorboard.
a secret compartment.
maybe a hidden room...
anywhere Mr. and Mrs. Death
could've hidden a body.
Let's do this right.
Not used to a man
bringing protection.
You look very nice tonight.
Aw. thank you.
I mean. I just...
you know. threw it on.
Yeah?
Yep.
Now what are you looking for?
I'm just checking to see
if maybe the ceiling
is a little bit hollow.
so they could just...
hide a body up here or som...
Be careful!
-Oh...
-Be careful.
So. uh...
should we talk about the case?
Oh. I'd rather think about it
without talking about it.
Mm.
Look at that!
What am I looking at?
Wait. wait.
Look...
there's a patch
under this painting
that's a different color
than the rest of the wall.
That's because
the painting protected it
from being bleached by the sun.
Okay. sure. but this patch...
this is smaller
than the actual painting
hanging here.
Look at this nightstand.
It was also bleached by the sun.
but the base of this lamp
is square. not round.
Okay. so there was
another lamp there.
I know how they did it.
Look. a-about what happened
the first time...
What...
What happened "the first time"?
Well. I mean. it didn't happen.
but it could've happened...
but then you spilled a drink...
I mean. maybe I spilled it...
You spilled it.
And I tried cleaning it
off of you and...
trying to help you.
and wipe it off your pants.
and that must've made you feel
really uncomfortable...
and I'm just...
Look.
You know what I think?
I know how they did it!
Oh! Incoming!
Again?
Well. I'm officially
out of pants.
They didn't move the body!
What are you talking about?
They switched the room.
The reason there was
no evidence of the murder
in room 309 is because
it didn't happen there.
Slate was strangled
in room 308.
just like Andi said he was...
-Thank you.
-Kim's room.
The room we saw first?
What fooled me was that
none of the furnishings matched.
Wait. You're saying they...
swapped everything?
The-The phallic painting.
and the lamps and the bedspread.
with stuff from room 309?
Slate's body was probably
still in Kim's room
when C.S.U.
was going through room 309.
Exactly!
So. after we all left.
Kim and Seth
moved George's body...
probably in a laundry cart...
down to George's truck.
which Kim drove
to the boat launch.
and then they dumped
his body in the water.
When they came back
to Kim's room.
they scrubbed the place clean.
to get rid of the evidence.
and Wilma probably helped them!
Yep! Exactly.
Case closed.
Go make the arrest.
I can't make the arrest
with that.
not in these pants.
-Why not?
-They're all wet!
No. The arrest!
There's no physical evidence.
Have you not
been listening to anything?
We've got
more than enough evidence!
Maybe in one of your books.
Not in real life.
We don't even have enough
for a search warrant.
So what happens now. then?
Now I'll try
to prove they're guilty
in some other way.
but it's not gonna
happen overnight.
Or ever. Right?
Even though
you have actual eyewitness.
We need physical evidence.
and I need...
to change these pants.
Ahem.
Back to my post.
Mm-hmm.
'Night.
So...
Ahem.
You gonna tell me
what happened with Jack?
Nothing's happened with Jack.
Okay! All right.
Are you kidding me?
You had a sex dream about him.
Now you're having
drinks together?
I think
that you should go for it.
Okay. it was a glass of wine.
and you're crazy.
Selena St. Cloud
would go for it.
Selena is a character in a book.
Wait. Wait-wait-wait-wait.
Jack said that Slate
had a problem with his neck.
even before he got strangled.
One of my ex-husbands
had the same thing...
um. "cervical vertebrae decay".
Okay.
He used to have to travel
with some special pillow.
but Jack said
that there was luggage
with just clothing.
So you think that George left
his special pillow
in the hotel room?
Yeah. and maybe
this sounds crazy.
and I know it's the whole
life-imitating-art thing.
but I wrote something for Selena
that I think that we could use
to trap
those two adulterous antiquers.
Great. I'm in.
You... You don't wanna hear it?
So you can criticize it?
No. It's time
to go rogue. baby.
Okay.
Wilma.
Oh. Um...
can we talk to you in private?
Well. certainly.
Okay. Um...
What kind of pillows
do you use in your hotel?
Down. of course!
No secret there.
650 fill. not a feather less.
You know. my mother
used to make us
down pillows...
uh. from the ducks we et.
Oh.
I've never slept
on something that I've... "et".
Oh?
The thing is. Wilma.
we think that two of your guests
murdered George Slate.
but they made a grave error
that's gonna put them away
for good.
Oh! What sort of error?
When they were clearing
George's room of his things.
they forgot that he has
a very special neck pillow
that he travels with.
And it was in a pillowcase.
so they probably
didn't even know it was there.
If you can find it.
it's the proof the police need
to put them away.
-Oh!
-Oh. but be careful.
and call Jack Kerrigan
at the Sheriff's office
right away.
-It's Jack. yes. the Sheriff?
-Yes.
-Pillow!
-Yes!
-Thank you.
Yes! Sheriff! Jack.
Pillow.
All of this...
just to get out
of a bad marriage?
Frankly. I don't understand why
people even get married anymore.
Oh. I don't know!
Love. companionship...
security.
Yeah. you can get all of that
without entering into
a culturally-imposed monogamy
that is
so inherently suffocating
that people resort to murder
to break the shackles.
I call bullshit.
They just can't keep
their zippers zipped.
-I gotta pee.
-Would you come back here?
I'll just be a minute.
What are you gonna use to wipe?
You don't wanna know.
You're supposed to pee
before a stakeout!
Oh. for God's sake!
Here they come.
It worked!
The pillow must be
in the suitcase!
And they're gonna ditch it
in the woods!
Would you hurry up?
I'm coming!
Geez!
Was Wilma with them?
Wilma wasn't in on it.
Lady. this is no time
for an aneurysm.
I figured it out
when I saw Kim and Seth.
when I yelled at you to hurry.
Not following.
I warned you
that something was happening.
the same way that somebody
saw you with the binoculars
and then warned Kim and Seth...
that's why
they switched the rooms.
Okay. but who would've seen me?
Well. it would have to be Dave.
Uh. he was doing
his security rounds.
and he was on his way
to your cabin.
He had to have called them.
So the whole
carbon monoxide thing...
-that was him. too.
-Yes.
Well. why did he try to save us?
Because of Jack...
he wanted to make sure
he was ruled out as a suspect.
Okay. but that doesn't explain
why he'd want
to kill George Slate.
Dave was selling
Granite Creek. remember...
to some big hotel chain.
My guess
is that the same developer
needs both properties...
the Ladybell Landing
and the Granite Creek Cabins.
to build one big resort.
or the deal's off.
And Slate wouldn't sell. so.
it ruined the deal for everyone.
Exactly.
Ahh! Aren't you
a couple of smart cookies?
Maybe a little too smart.
Take it easy. okay?
Oh. honey...
I don't think
you're in any position
to be calling the shots
right now.
Freeze!
Hey! Is everybody all right?
Yeah. Whew.
You just saved our lives.
Just a quiet trip
to get some writing done...
Life's all about the detours.
You were right...
pillow was in the suitcase.
Yeah.
Hey. Just seeing
how you two are doing.
Oh. we're still breathing.
thanks to you.
This is Melissa Grant.
Melissa's a Park Ranger.
Yeah.
Wait. We met. clamming.
Right! Yeah.
I was heading into town
after putting
some tracking collars
on some mountain lion cubs.
but when I saw that dude
pointing a gun at you.
I just hit the gas
without even thinking.
I'm glad you did!
Yeah.
You might see you around.
I'm gonna be staying in the Cove
till I finish with my project.
so. take care. Bye.
-See ya.
-Thanks. Melissa!
Speaking of projects.
I have a little more information
about your mother.
and I completely understand
if you think
it's none of my business.
I live in Founder's Cove.
so my life
is everyone's business.
Okay.
When I was
working on trying to find
your mother. last week.
I was not researching
international databases.
Allie has the hunch that
maybe your mother was French...
you have a French passport.
That's a good guess.
My mom was born in Orsay.
There you go.
Well. and. uh. French citizens
are fingerprinted
when they're kids.
for their national
identity card.
But your mother had not
been wiped from that system.
so I ran them through A.F.I.S.
I got a hit.
Is she still alive?
As of three years ago. yes.
"Renée Chantal Walker"
was in a Montpelier. Vermont
donut shop
that June.
Do you know that for sure?
Actually. yes.
The C.S.U. had dusted that shop
for prints
after an armed robbery.
Your mother was not there
at the time.
but her prints
were on the front counter.
The lack of degradation
indicates that it was recent.
That's Derek's Donuts.
It's...
right across
from Tressider College...
where I went to school.
Three years ago. I graduated...
in June.
My mom was there.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm